README.md, before:

# mojave-compatibility
List of famous app versions that can run on MacOS Mojave 10.14.6

|  App name  |  Latest compatible version  | Source
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
|  Adobe Acrobat DC Pro  |  22.001.20112 | [22.001.20142 Dropped support for: Mac OSX 10.14](https://www.adobe.com/devnet-docs/acrobatetk/tools/ReleaseNotesDC/index.html) |
|  Adobe Photoshop 2021  |  22.5.1  | [Applicable for October 2021 release (version 23.0) and later: macOS Catalina (version 10.15) or later](https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/system-requirements.html) |
|  Clip Studio Paint  |  Dropping support in fall 2022 | [End of warranty in fall 2022 ● Clip Studio/Clip Studio Paint/Clip Studio Modeler macOS・10.14](https://support.clip-studio.com/en-us/faq/articles/20220032) |
|  Final Cut Pro  |  10.4.10  | [The recommended system requirement for Final Cut Pro 10.5 is macOS Big Sur. The minimum system requirement is macOS 10.15.6.](https://support.apple.com/guide/final-cut-pro/whats-new-in-final-cut-pro-105-ver3daafa3a2/mac) |
|  Microsoft Office Apps  |  16.54  | [The October 2021 update (16.54) is the last build to support macOS 10.14 Mojave.](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/upgrade-macos-to-continue-receiving-microsoft-365-and-office-for-mac-updates-16b8414f-08ec-4b24-8c91-10a918f649f8#ID0EBBF=Office_for_Mac_2021) |
|  Xcode  |  11.3.1  | [Xcode 11.4.1 requires a Mac running macOS Catalina 10.15.2 or later.](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode-release-notes/xcode-11_4_1-release-notes) |

Commit message:

New apps added
Calibre
PlistEdit Pro

README.md, after:

# mojave-compatibility
List of famous app versions that can run on MacOS Mojave 10.14.6

|  App name  |  Latest compatible version  | Source
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
|  Adobe Acrobat DC Pro  |  22.001.20112 | [22.001.20142 Dropped support for: Mac OSX 10.14](https://www.adobe.com/devnet-docs/acrobatetk/tools/ReleaseNotesDC/index.html) |
|  Adobe Photoshop 2021  |  22.5.1  | [Applicable for October 2021 release (version 23.0) and later: macOS Catalina (version 10.15) or later](https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/system-requirements.html) |
|  Calibre  |  5.44  | [If you are using macOS older than 10.15 (Catalina), the last version of calibre that will work on your machine is 5.44](https://calibre-ebook.com/download_osx) |
|  Clip Studio Paint  |  Dropping support in fall 2022 | [End of warranty in fall 2022 ● Clip Studio/Clip Studio Paint/Clip Studio Modeler macOS・10.14](https://support.clip-studio.com/en-us/faq/articles/20220032) |
|  Final Cut Pro  |  10.4.10  | [The recommended system requirement for Final Cut Pro 10.5 is macOS Big Sur. The minimum system requirement is macOS 10.15.6.](https://support.apple.com/guide/final-cut-pro/whats-new-in-final-cut-pro-105-ver3daafa3a2/mac) |
|  Microsoft Office Apps  |  16.54  | [The October 2021 update (16.54) is the last build to support macOS 10.14 Mojave.](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/upgrade-macos-to-continue-receiving-microsoft-365-and-office-for-mac-updates-16b8414f-08ec-4b24-8c91-10a918f649f8#ID0EBBF=Office_for_Mac_2021) |
|  PlistEdit Pro  |  1.9.2  | [PlistEditPro 1.9.2 (for macOS 10.13-10.14)](https://www.fatcatsoftware.com/plisteditpro_downloads/) |
|  Xcode  |  11.3.1  | [Xcode 11.4.1 requires a Mac running macOS Catalina 10.15.2 or later.](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode-release-notes/xcode-11_4_1-release-notes) |
